"Every day is a new journey," says guo ziying in his book, "the best time on the road. A lifetime is a spiritual practice. Short is the journey, long is the life. Travel, you can meet that better self.
 

1.Choose sanya

Memory still stays in April we list many tourism plan moment, memory back to the end of April plan selection threesome expecting moment, memory back to sanya we finally decided to go to sanya exciting picture, memory has returned to the organizing committee orchestrated scene. We announced our trip to sanya -- our theme was, "let's go together."
 

2. Program planning

In anticipation of the delicious food and beauty of sanya, we launched a double-flying trip to sanya with great joy and excitement. Our programs include captain introduction, chorus of team songs, poetry recitation, personal singing, mystery games, war red envelopes. Show time was wonderful, the atmosphere, in the course of the journey, we don't have the leadership and colleagues, no boss and staff, we are a travel companion, we are a team, we are more like a family.
 

3.Face the sea

In high school, I began to read haizi's "face to the sea, spring flowers bloom". I had a special feeling for the sea. I spent my college life in wuhan jiangcheng city. I sat by the river countless times and watched the bright neon lights shining across the ferry. I remember thinking about the sea. When I first came to shenzhen, I saw the sea, and then read haizi's poems. My heart was filled with joy.
 

Sanya sea is different, we in the rain to find the mysterious sea stone, take headphones to stroll in the tropical rain forest, with my camera barefoot on the sand paddle pictures, rode the ferry tour seagirt island, a group of men and women swimming swimming in the sea is such sanya, to live and play, also suitable for the quiet life.

Maybe the sea view is clear, maybe the sea view is clear and beautiful, maybe the people living here are simple and happy. The smell of yalong bay has kept me from walking out. The sea of yalong bay is really interesting. Inside, the row of coconut trees stacked one another. The row of beach chairs seemed to tell a story. The little shellfish, have contented feeling, a sea of light that is particularly amorous feelings, let you can't help but want to taste the flavor of the sea, look at the scenery of the bottom of the sea bottom, so simple and happy sea, sanya taste snacks, send a postcard to friends and colleagues, convey the mood of happy journey to favorite people, passed to our lovely colleagues, share the joy of sharing the afternoon sun,.
 

When you take a ferry in sanya, you will think of wuhan ferry, crossing a river with your best friend. On the opposite side of the sea, there are seaside buildings, dotted homes, fresh coconut trees. The roof of the house leans just right, and sanya is filled with the atmosphere and atmosphere of the southern city.

If one day, move to the seaside and live quietly. In the waxy sunlight, I want to write about sanya I have seen.
 

Let's go together

In "the power of walking," Chen said, "when you walk, be quiet, talk to your heart, get positive inner energy, and spread positive energy to others. "The power of walking" hopes to use the simplest and most instinctive way to convey a positive attitude and life philosophy together, so as to purify the mind. Hope through the "power of walking" to achieve "for love and walk".

The theme of our trip: let us together, we fly together, go to sanya snacks together, together, sit by ferry boat, tea together, eat together, or even rest in the hotel, I see we cohesion in the upgrade, we are a team, we are family.

Sanya trip we several photographers quantity of 1200 copies, in this photo, there are our partners laughter, we have five teams in high spirits, have we share the joys and sorrows of preparatory committee, have mutual affinity between our department. 1200 photos, every photo is every story.

If travel can bring us anything, it should be to find ourselves, understand everyone. The point of travel is not just to get us out, but to get us back.
